diary.md, before:

# Final Year Project Diary

## Term 1

### Week 2 (2022-09-26)

Worked on the initial project plan. Read through "OpenStreetMap -- Using and Enhancing the Free Map of the World".

### Week 3 (2022-10-03)

Got feedback on initial plan from my supervisor (Reuben Rowe), and made alterations based on it. Specifically, I shorted the abstract by moving content to an introduction section, wrote a general "Aims & objectives" section, and added a "Deliverables" section, referencing these deliverables in the timeline. I also polished the "Risks & mitigations" section, and changed inline links to references.

### Week 4 (2022-10-10)

Worked on the first report, about offline HTML5 applications (deliverable 1).

### Week 5 (2022-10-17)

Worked on the offline HTML5 proof of concept (deliverable 2). Implemented a demo offline app using service workers, with the ability to load a large file either from the local disk using the File API, or from the service worker cache with the Cache API.

Completed report on OpenStreetMap data sources (deliverable 3). Completed report on map projections (deliverable 4).

### Week 6 (2022-10-24)

### Week 7 (2022-10-31)

### Week 8 (2022-11-07)

### Week 9 (2022-11-14)

### Week 10 (2022-11-21)

### Week 11 (2022-11-28)

### Week 12 (2022-12-05)

Commit message:

feat: updated the diary to reflect completion of deliverable 5

diary.md, after:

# Final Year Project Diary

## Term 1

### Week 2 (2022-09-26)

Worked on the initial project plan. Read through "OpenStreetMap -- Using and Enhancing the Free Map of the World".

### Week 3 (2022-10-03)

Got feedback on initial plan from my supervisor (Reuben Rowe), and made alterations based on it. Specifically, I shorted the abstract by moving content to an introduction section, wrote a general "Aims & objectives" section, and added a "Deliverables" section, referencing these deliverables in the timeline. I also polished the "Risks & mitigations" section, and changed inline links to references.

### Week 4 (2022-10-10)

Worked on the first report, about offline HTML5 applications (deliverable 1).

### Week 5 (2022-10-17)

Worked on the offline HTML5 proof of concept (deliverable 2). Implemented a demo offline app using service workers, with the ability to load a large file either from the local disk using the File API, or from the service worker cache with the Cache API.

Completed report on OpenStreetMap data sources (deliverable 3). Completed report on map projections (deliverable 4).

### Week 6 (2022-10-24)

Implemented the proof of concept that renders some array of wgs84 coordinates to a Mercator projected map (deliverable 5, proof-of-concepts/2-rendering-a-way). Allows you to render the boundaries of three different towns -- with manually chosen zoom factor.

### Week 7 (2022-10-31)

### Week 8 (2022-11-07)

### Week 9 (2022-11-14)

### Week 10 (2022-11-21)

### Week 11 (2022-11-28)

### Week 12 (2022-12-05)
